[DISTANT DOG BARKING]
GRACE: SO, WAIT.
COACH HUDSON REFUSES
TO RELEASE SPENCER
FROM HIS COMMITMENT
TO TOLEDO STATE?
SPENCER: CAN HE DO THAT?
BILLY: YEAH, HE CAN.
EITHER YOU ATTEND
TOLEDO STATE, OR
YOU'LL BE FORCED
TO SIT OUT YOUR
ENTIRE FRESHMAN YEAR.
LAURA: WHICH I'M
GONNA FIGHT. FIRST,
I'M GONNA PUSH
TO GET YOU RELEASED,
THEN I'M GONNA ORDER
A TRANSFER EXCEPTION.
THAT WAY, YOU CAN PLAY
THIS FALL, NO MATTER
WHAT SCHOOL YOU CHOOSE.
THANK YOU, BUT WHAT AM I
SUPPOSED TO DO TILL THEN?
GRACE: BE PATIENT.
LAURA: ABSOLUTELY.
THESE CASES CAN TAKE
A LITTLE MORE TIME THAN
THEY PROBABLY SHOULD.
LOOK, NO DISRESPECT,
MRS. BAKER, BUT TIME'S
THE ONE THING
I DON'T HAVE,
NOT IF I WANT
TO FIND A NEW SCHOOL,
AND MOST OF THE
TOP PROGRAMS ARE DONE
OFFERING SCHOLARSHIPS.
BILLY: I'M ALREADY AHEAD
OF YOU, ALL RIGHT?
SOME OF THE BEST COACHES
IN THE NATION ARE IN TOWN
FOR THEIR
ANNUAL CONVENTION.
I'M GONNA TRY TO GET
A COUPLE OF THEM
TO SEE YOU AT SCHOOL.
GRACE: THAT COULD BE
A GOOD WAY FOR YOU
TO SPARK NEW INTEREST.
I NEED MORE THAN INTEREST,
MA. I NEED AN OFFER.
AIN'T NOBODY DOING THAT
WITH THIS PENALTY
HANGING OVER MY HEAD.
[ACOUSTIC GUITAR PLAYING]
PATIENCE: ♪ YEAH, YEAH
♪ IN THIS CRAZY WORLD,
YOU GOT TO BE STRONG ♪
♪ AND THE JOURNEY MIGHT BE LONG
TO DO THAT ME WORK ♪
♪ I HAD TO TRUST ME FIRST,
TRUST IN THE MOMENT ♪
♪ TRUST IN THE FUTURE,
TRUST IN MY PEOPLE ♪
♪ BUT I TRUST IN ME FIRST
♪ TRUST GOES A LONG WAY
♪ WHEN YOU HAVE A LONG DAY
♪ KNOW YOU CAN TRUST
♪ YOU CAN TRUST IN ME
ALWAYS ♪
♪ AND IF YOU FEEL IT, SAY
NA-NA-NA, NA-NA-NA-NA ♪
♪ NA-NA-NA,
NA-NA-NA-NA-NA ♪
♪ NA-NA-NA, NA-NA-NA-NA
♪ NA-NA-NA,
NA-NA-NA-NA-NA ♪
[MUSIC STOPS,
CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
PATIENCE: YEAH? YEAH?
LAYLA: YES.
PATIENCE: OK, I'M GONNA
COME IN. I'M GONNA COME IN.
[DOOR OPENS]
WAS THAT A "YES" YES
OR, LIKE, A "YEAH"?
ALL THE YESSES.
YOU ARE PERFECT.
THE SONG IS PERFECT.
OH, GOD. I CAN'T WAIT
UNTIL THIS ALBUM DROPS
'CAUSE IT'S GONNA BE
CRAZY NEXT MONTH. HEH!
WELL, WHAT IF IT
DROPPED SOONER?
THE PROMOTER
FOR COOP'S TOUR HAS BEEN
BLOWING UP MY PHONE,
I NEED AN ARTIST
TO FILL HER SLOT.
YOU'D BE THE PERFECT
REPLACEMENT.
I'M SORRY. YOU WANT ME
TO--YOU WANT ME TO
HEADLINE THE--A TOUR?
- MM-HMM.
- AM I EVEN READY FOR THAT?
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
BUZZING ABOUT YOUR SETS
FROM LIL JEWEL'S TOUR,
AND YOU'VE BUILT A HELL
OF A BRAND FOR YOURSELF
THE PAST YEAR.
TRUST ME, PATIENCE.
YOU WOULD CRUSH THIS.
MMM, YEAH.
SOMETHING WRONG?
UH, I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST FEEL WEIRD,
LIKE, REPLACING
COOP, YOU KNOW?
COME ON, LAYLA.
DON'T ACT LIKE THIS
ISN'T COMPLICATED.
I JUST WANT
TO MAKE SURE THAT
SHE'S COOL WITH IT.
LOOK, I GET YOU WANTING
TO KEEP THE PEACE AT HOME,
BUT...I'M RUNNING
A BUSINESS,
AND OPPORTUNITIES LIKE THIS
DON'T COME AROUND EVERY DAY.
I NEED TO KNOW THAT YOU
WANT THIS LIKE YOU USED TO,
AND IF NOT, I WILL
FIND SOMEONE ELSE.
GOT TO MEET KIM NITTY
AT HER PUBLICITY SHOOT,
BUT YOU'VE GOT 48 HOURS
TO GET BACK TO ME.
[DOOR OPENS]
NURSE JOY: THANK YOU.
WOMAN: OLIVIA.
OLIVIA: SARA. HEY.
I JUST WANTED
TO SAY THANKS.
YOU KNOW, YOUR SHARE
LAST WEEK ABOUT REGAINING
YOUR FAMILY'S TRUST?
IT WAS--IT WAS REALLY GREAT.
OLIVIA: OH.
UM, THANK YOU.
SARA: HEH! UM, I KNOW
I'M PROBABLY, LIKE, SUCH
A NERD FOR THIS, BUT
THERE WAS SOMETHING YOU SAID,
AND IT STUCK WITH ME ALL WEEK.
UM, I ACTUALLY WROTE IT DOWN.
- [CHUCKLES] OK.
"EARNING YOUR
FAMILY'S TRUST
"IS GONNA TAKE SOME TIME,
AND THAT'S OK.
"EVERYTHING WILL BE
ON THEIR TERMS,
"BUT IN THE MEANTIME,
BE SINCERE,
"BE PATIENT,
BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY,
"ALWAYS REMEMBER TO THINK
OF YOURSELF AS A SURVIVOR
AND NOT A VICTIM."
BECAUSE OF YOU, I WAS ABLE
TO RECONNECT WITH MY PARENTS.
WOW. THAT'S
INCREDIBLE, SARA,
AND, I MEAN, THANKS
FOR THE CREDIT,
BUT YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO ACTUALLY DID
THE WORK.
[CHUCKLES]
[DISTANT,
OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
[SETS DOWN MUG]
- ARE YOU OK?
- MM-HMM. YEAH.
I MEAN, I WAS HAVING
A LITTLE, PROUD
MAMA-BEAR MOMENT.
MM-HMM.
ARE YOU CRYING?
GIRL, PLEASE.
I DO NOT HAVE TEARS.
RESPECT MY GANGSTA.
OLIVIA: OK.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
WATCHING YOU OVER THERE
WITH SARA,
IT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
YOU KNOW, WE HAVE A COUPLE
OF NEW MEMBERS TONIGHT,
SO YOU COULD SHARE
YOUR STORY IF YOU WANTED.
OK. UM,
BUT I DON'T WANT
TO TAKE AWAY FROM
SOMEBODY ELSE'S TIME.
YOU WON'T.
FOLKS CLEARLY LOVE
WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY.
[OLIVIA SIGHS]
NURSE JOY: AND WHO KNOWS?
MAYBE YOU'LL EVEN CURE
MY TEAR DUCTS.
OH, WELL,
IN THAT CASE...
[SCHOOL BELL RINGS]
BILLY:
HEY, JUST THE CAT
I'M LOOKING FOR.
- HEY, YOU GOT
TO SEE THIS, COACH.
- SEE WHAT?
TOLEDO STATE
JUST DROPPED THE NEWS
ABOUT ME DECOMMITTING
ON THEIR WEBSITE. YOU GOT
TO SEE THESE COMMENTS,
MAN. THEY'RE CRAZY.
YOU CAN'T GET CAUGHT UP
IN THAT MESS. BUT LISTEN--
LOOK, I CAN'T HELP IT.
THESE PEOPLE ARE SAYING
THAT I AIN'T LOYAL.
ONE DUDE SAID
THAT IF I CAN'T COMMIT TO
A PROGRAM THAT'S BUILDING
THEIR ENTIRE OFFENSE
AROUND ME, THEN CAN I BE
TRUSTED AT ANY SCHOOL?
AND ANOTHER ONE WROTE
THAT I AIN'T NOTHIN' MORE
THAN POISONED GOODS.
"POISONED GOODS"?
IS THAT TRUE?
NO. LOOK, THIS IS JUST
HUDSON'S WAY OF TRYING
TO GET SCHOOLS TO
LOSE INTEREST WHILE HE
BLOCKS YOUR RELEASE.
WHICH PROVES
MY ORIGINAL POINT--
AIN'T NO COACH
IN THEIR RIGHT MIND'S
GONNA MAKE ME
AN OFFER NOW.
LOOK, GIVE--GIVE ME
THAT PHONE. LOOK AT ME.
YOU JUST GOT TO HAVE
FAITH, ALL RIGHT?
NOW, I GOT A PLAN.
FELLAS, FELLAS, FELLAS.
LONG TIME, NO SEE.
DAD, I SAW YOU
THIS MORNING.
WE SHARED A CREAM PUFF?
FRAUSTO: YEAH, AND YOU'RE
MY SIXTH-PERIOD TEACHER?
CHRIS: ME, TOO.
SPENCER: I BEEN WITH YOU
ALL DAY. WE DAMN NEAR
SIAMESE TWINS AT THIS POINT.
[PLAYERS CHUCKLE]
JJ: LOOK, I MISS YOU, COACH.
BILLY: HA HA!
MY MAN.
I MISS YOU, TOO, JJ.
SEE, THAT'S THE MAN THAT KNOWS
THIS IS HIS LAST CHANCE
TO BALL OUT WITH
HIS BOYS.
SPENCER: BALL OUT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
BILLY: WELL,
I HAVE DECIDED TO THROW
Y'ALL A COMBINE,
RIGHT HERE.
JJ: WHOA, WHOA, HOLD UP.
A REAL COMBINE,
WITH COLLEGE COACHES?
BILLY: YES, SIR, SOME OF
THE BEST IN THE COUNTRY.
LOOK, I KNOW THAT A LOT OF Y'ALL
HAVEN'T GOTTEN THE ATTENTION
FROM SOME OF THE COLLEGES
THAT YOU MAY HAVE WANTED,
AND THAT DOESN'T
SIT RIGHT WITH ME,
SO I DECIDED TO DO
SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
CHRIS:
WOW. THAT IS DOPE,
COACH. THANK YOU.
YOU ALL DESERVE IT.
NOW, LOOK, I'M NOT
PROMISING ANYTHING,
BUT I KNOW IF YOU
ALL HANDLE BUSINESS
THE WAY I KNOW YOU WILL,
WHO KNOWS WHAT'LL HAPPEN?
JORDAN:
SPENCE, WHAT ARE YOU
CHEESIN' SO HARD FOR?
I MEAN,
YOU HEARD THE MAN.
HE SAID NO PROMISES.
I'M JUST HAPPY TO GET
TO SHARE THE FIELD
ONE LAST TIME
WITH MY BROTHERS.
THAT'S THE KIND OF ATTITUDE
I LIKE RIGHT THERE.
SPENCER: AND THERE AIN'T
NO BETTER PLACE TO DO IT
THAN THE BILLY BAKER FIELD.
[ALL LAUGH]
JORDAN: YOU CAN'T
FILL UP HIS HEAD
LIKE THAT.
SPENCER: THE HOME
OF THE REAL STATE CHAMPS.
THE REAL ONES!
[PLAYERS CLAMOR]
BILLY:
I DIDN'T SAY IT.
[PLAYERS ALL TALKING
AT ONCE]
I THINK, AT THE COMBINE,
YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY
THROW SOME
SEAM ROUTES, FOR SURE.
JORDAN: MMM. YEAH, I KNOW.
I WAS THINKING
THE SAME THING.
SEAMS, MAYBE A FEW
CROSSING ROUTES,
DEFINITELY A COUPLE
BOMBS OVER THE TOP.
YEAH, I MEAN, DUDE,
YOUR ACCURACY AT ANYTHING
ABOVE 50 YARDS IS INSANE.
JJ: YO, HO!
MY BROS JORDAN
AND ASH ARE HERE.
HEY, SAY, WHAT'S UP, BOYS?
JORDAN: UM...
JJ: HA!
JORDAN: HELLO.
ASHER: HI.
HA! WHAT IS
ALL THIS, JJ?
I AM DOCUMENTING
THE LAST DAYS OF
OUR SENIOR SEASON.
WHY? 'CAUSE MY LIFE
IS A MOVIE, HUH?
SO JUST CALL ME B.O.
THAT'S SHORT FOR
"BOX OFFICE," BABY.
HA HA HA! MAN, I CAN'T
WAIT FOR MY FANS TO SEE
ME THROW AT THE COMBINE.
YOU'RE PLAYING
QUARTERBACK?
OH, DON'T WORRY, BRO.
THERE'LL BE MORE
THAN ENOUGH BALLS
TO GO AROUND.
ASHER: YOU SURE QB's
THE RIGHT MOVE?
JJ: OH, 100%.
DUDE, YOU--YOU PLAYED,
LIKE, 4 GAMES AT THAT
POSITION. AND YES, YOU
PLAYED A HUGE PART
IN GETTING US TO STATE,
BUT, NO DISRESPECT,
I'M NOT SURE THAT'S
THE RIGHT CHOICE
FOR YOU, MAN.
WELL, IT SURE SOUNDS
DISRESPECTFUL TO ME.
- HE'S JUST BEING HONEST.
- YOU--DUDE,
YOU'VE BEEN
PLAYING LINEBACKER
YOUR WHOLE LIFE.
YOU WOULD KILL
THAT POSITION
IN YOUR SLEEP.
QUARTERBACK HAS
ALWAYS BEEN MY DREAM,
AND NOW IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO LIVE OUT THAT DREAM.
I THOUGHT THAT PLAYING
DIVISION-I FOOTBALL
WAS YOUR DREAM.
YEAH, AND SOME
ELITE COLLEGE COACHES ARE
GONNA BE AT THAT COMBINE,
SO IF YOU WANT TO LOCK
DOWN A SCHOLARSHIP,
YOU NEED TO BE AT THE TOP
OF YOUR GAME, DUDE.
AND I WILL BE...
AS A QUARTERBACK, HUH?
[LAUGHING]
JJ: SEE YOU, GUYS.
MALE SINGER:
♪ I GOT THE RABBIT IN MY TRUNK
♪ IT GOT THE BANG,
GOT THE BANG, FULL PEDAL ♪
♪ TO THE METAL, SWITCHIN'
NAMES, SWITCHIN' NAMES ♪
♪ SINCE I'M RUNNING FROM
MY DEVILS, RUN AWAY... ♪
SPENCER?
OH, WOW.
KENNY BOONE.
I COACHED
WITH COREY OVER
AT EASTERN NEVADA.
WE MET
AT HIS FUNERAL.
COACH BOONE.
- YEAH.
- COACH BOONE. WHAT'S UP?
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
KENNY: YOU, TOO, MAN.
I WAS ON
THIS SIDE OF TOWN.
I HAD A MEETING,
AND I HEARD A LOT
ABOUT THIS PLACE, SO I SAID,
"LET ME COME CHECK IT OUT.
- THIS THE SPOT RIGHT HERE.
- YEAH.
SPENCER JAMES
SANDWICH. HEH!
IT WOULDN'T BE WEIRD
IF I ORDER THIS
IN FRONT OF THE MAN,
THE MYTH, THE LEGEND
HIMSELF?
OH, MAN, YOU TOO KIND.
I'M COOL WITH JUST
BEING A LEGEND.
HEH! BOY GOT JOKES,
JUST LIKE
YOUR POPS, MAN.
SO WHAT'S UP, BRO?
HOW ARE YOU?
I'M GOOD.
YEAH, I'M GOOD.
- YEAH?
- I'M HANGIN' IN THERE.
- YEAH.
- HMM.
LOOK, DON'T LET
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH TOLEDO STATE
FAZE YOU.
YOU HAD A HELL
OF A SEASON
THIS YEAR.
YOUR POPS WOULD
BE PROUD OF YOU.
HE ALWAYS SAID
YOU WAS DIFFERENT.
BUT WE SHOULD LINK UP,
MAYBE GRAB A COFFEE.
I'LL TELL YOU
SOME CRAZY STORIES ABOUT
YOUR DAD'S COACHING DAYS.
[CHUCKLES]
WHY NOT NOW?
I MEAN, THE COFFEE
HERE IS PRETTY SOLID.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
IT'S GONNA GO WITH
THAT SANDWICH, THOUGH.
- HA HA HA!
- WE COULD TRY IT.
- YEAH, LET'S DO IT.
- OK, COOL.
OLIVIA: MY GATEWAY
WERE PILLS.
THEY WERE
THE PERFECT COMPANION--
SIMPLE TO TAKE,
EASILY ACCESSIBLE,
AND THEY WERE ALWAYS
A GOOD TIME.
THEY MADE ME FEEL FUN
AND HAPPY,
BUT THEY NEVER
MADE ME FEEL SEEN,
WHICH WAS...
KINDA THE POINT.
[SCOFFS]
[GIRL GIGGLES SOFTLY]
EVENTUALLY, THE PILLS
GAVE WAY TO ALCOHOL,
AND THAT ALMOST...
COST ME EVERYTHING.
AND AT EVERY TURN, I KEPT
TELLING MYSELF, YOU KNOW,
"THIS TIME IS DIFFERENT.
I TOTALLY HAVE THIS
UNDER CONTROL."
[TEXTING]
BUT I DIDN'T...
BECAUSE NONE OF US DO.
[TEXTING STOPS]
AND NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRIED,
I KEPT FINDING A WAY TO PUT
MY FIX BEFORE THE PEOPLE
THAT I LOVE.
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
SARA: GOOD NIGHT.
NURSE JOY: GOOD NIGHT.
OLIVIA: SO THAT GIRL
WHO STORMED OUT EARLIER,
WHAT'S HER DEAL?
'CAUSE THAT WAS EXTRA.
THAT'S JENN
BEING JENN.
SHE'S 15, FULL
OF HORMONES.
NOW, SHE ONLY ACTED OUT
BECAUSE HER PARENTS
GOT A COURT ORDER
TO PLACE HER HERE.
- WELL, DOES SHE ALWAYS
LEAVE LIKE THAT?
- NO.
SOMETHING YOU SAID
CLEARLY TRIGGERED HER,
AND I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR
WHAT YOU TELL HER NEXT.
ME?
WELL, WHY ME?
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
OK, LISTEN, I KNOW
THAT BEIGE DOES NOT AGE,
BUT I AM SEVERAL YEARS
REMOVED FROM WHAT THAT
LITTLE GIRL NEEDS,
AND TRUST ME,
I HAVE TRIED...
BUT SHE NEEDS
SOMEBODY LIKE YOU.
AHA, SOMEONE CLOSER
IN AGE AND ATTITUDE.
SO THAT'S WHY
YOU HAD ME SHARE.
- IT'S TIME.
- TIME FOR WHAT?
YOUR STORY CLEARLY
HAS AN IMPACT,
AND WE BOTH KNOW YOU
HAVE A SERVER'S HEART.
THAT'S A WIN-WIN.
WAIT. I'M SORRY.
YOU WANT ME
TO SPONSOR?
I--I'VE ONLY BEEN
HERE FOR, LIKE,
A FEW MONTHS.
I'M STILL FINDING
MY WAY HERE.
WE'RE ALL STILL
FINDING OUR WAY.
LISTEN, YOU HAVE BEEN
BLESSED TO TAKE A LOT
FROM THIS PROGRAM.
WHEN'S THE TIME
TO START GIVING BACK?
OK, FAIR, BUT, I MEAN,
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN
HANDLE SOMEONE
LIKE JENN.
WHY, BECAUSE SHE'S
BASICALLY A MINI-YOU?
OK, LOOK, I UNDERSTAND
IF YOU'RE NOT READY.
ALL I ASK IS THAT YOU
KEEP AN OPEN MIND
WHEN YOU ARE.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
BILLY: KNEES UP,
KNEES UP.
THERE WE GO.
YOU GOOD?
NEVER BETTER.
BILLY: OK.
SO YOU AIN'T WORRIED
ABOUT WHAT HUDSON
MAY BE SAYING
TO SOME OF THESE OTHER COACHES?
SPENCER: NOPE, JUST TRYING
TO FOCUS.
BILLY: FOCUS, YES.
YEAH, YOU'RE FOCUSED
ON THE WORDS COMING
OUT OF HIS MOUTH.
THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE
FOCUSING ON, RIGHT?
[CHUCKLING]
IT'S ALL GOOD.
HOLD UP.
IS THAT COACH BOONE?
BILLY: IT IS, IT IS.
HE LEFT EASTERN NEVADA.
NOW HE'S
THE RECEIVERS COACH
FOR GOLDEN ANGELES.
- WAIT. WHAT?
- YEAH.
SPENCER: HE AIN'T
SAY NONE OF THAT
WHEN WE HUNG OUT LAST NIGHT.
BILLY: Y'ALL HUNG OUT?
RAN INTO HIM
AT SLAUSON.
HE WAS TELLING ME
ALL THESE STORIES
ABOUT MY POPS.
HOW COME HE DIDN'T TELL ME
HE WAS HERE RECRUITING?
BILLY: YOU AIN'T
GOT TO WORRY ABOUT
ANY OF THAT.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT NONE
OF WHAT THEM COACHES
ARE SAYING, ALL RIGHT?
I JUST WANT YOU TO
FOCUS ON BALLING OUT.
- YES, SIR.
- ALL RIGHT. THAT GOES
FOR THE REST OF Y'ALL!
LOOK AT WHERE WE ARE.
IT IS A BEAUTIFUL DAY
FOR FOOTBALL.
ENJOY THE MOMENT,
ENJOY THE PROCESS,
BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY,
ENJOY THE HELL
OUT OF EACH OTHER.
COME ON, Y'ALL.
ALL RIGHT.
PLAY!
MALE SINGER:
♪ SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT,
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT ♪
♪ IN MY OWN LANE,
ON MY WAY UP TO THE TOP ♪
♪ LET ME SHOW YOU WHAT I GOT,
COMING FOR YOUR SPOT ♪
♪ GOT IT ON LOCKDOWN,
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT ♪
♪ LISTEN,
WELCOME TO MY WORLD ♪
♪ LET ME TRICK YOU
ON GAMES ♪
♪ I AM NOT CONCERNED WITH
THE FORTUNE OR THE FAME ♪
♪ A LOT OF PEOPLE TALK
BUT WE ARE NOT THE SAME ♪
♪ SEEN A LOT OF THINGS CHANGE,
GETTING CLOSER EVERY DAY ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN MAKING MOVES,
TELL ME WHAT YOU GONNA DO ♪
♪ GOT A LOT TO PROVE,
BUT I WILL NEVER LOSE ♪
♪ SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT
[STOPWATCH BEEPS]
BILLY: OK.
HEY, WHAT ARE
WE THINKING?
YOUR GUYS ARE
OUT HERE GRINDING.
SPENCER JAMES IS
SOMETHIN' ELSE.
HE'S A NICE SIZE,
HELL OF AN ATHLETE.
YEAH. HE'S A BEAST
IN THE CLASSROOM, TOO.
3.9 GPA.
BUT CAN I TRUST HIM?
RUMOR HAS IT
TOLEDO STATE
WAS BUILDING
THEIR OFFENSE AROUND SPENCER.
BILLY: RIGHT.
A FRESHMAN
AT THAT, AND HE
STILL BACKED OUT?
- HMM.
- WHERE'S THE LOYALTY?
WELL, LOYALTY HAS
NEVER BEEN AN ISSUE
WITH SPENCER JAMES.
IF ANYTHING,
HE'S TOO LOYAL.
THAT'S, UH, YET
ANOTHER THING THAT JUST
ADDS TO HIS GREATNESS.
THANKS FOR COMING OUT, THOUGH.
MAN: YEAH.
COOP: SO YOU DO KNOW
SPENCER'S COMBINE
IS OUTSIDE, RIGHT?
YEAH. I JUST WANTED
TO SEE WHERE YOU HAD
THAT RAP BATTLE
WITH THE DUDE
YOU COOPED LAST YEAR.
WASN'T IT IN THIS HALLWAY?
WELL, HOW DO YOU
KNOW ABOUT THAT?
MY DAD SHOWED ME.
THAT ONE, "OFF THE DOME,"
AGAINST BIG HOMIE DEUCE,
YOUR MUSIC VIDEOS, TOO.
SPEAKING OF YOUR POPS,
HOW WAS YOUR TRIP
TO THE BAY?
COOL.
YOU KNOW
IF IT EVER BECOMES
TOO MUCH TO TALK
TO YOUR POPS,
YOU CAN ALWAYS
TALK TO ME, RIGHT?
ABOUT ANYTHING.
PATIENCE: HEY, THERE YOU ARE.
I FOUND YOU. HEY.
[KISS]
HEY, AMINA.
AMINA: HI.
I'LL BE OUTSIDE.
UH, AMINA, HOLD UP.
I DON'T WANT TO MISS
THE FOOTBALL STUFF.
OH, MY GOD.
I'M SO SORRY.
I CLEARLY MESSED UP THAT TIMING.
[COOP SIGHS]
- YOU GOOD?
- NO.
A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO,
I FOUND SOME ARTICLES
ABOUT MO'S MURDER
ON AMINA'S LAPTOP.
- IS SHE ASKING QUESTIONS?
- PREACH TOOK HER ON A ROAD TRIP
TO GET HER MIND OFF OF IT,
WHICH I THINK WORKED, BUT
I DON'T KNOW.
I STILL FEEL LIKE SHE'S
HOLDING SOMETHING BACK.
BUT WHATEVER, WHATEVER.
WHAT'S UP?
HOW ARE YOU?
HOW'S THE ALBUM?
UH, IT'S--IT'S, YEAH,
IT'S PRETTY GOOD.
IT'S GOOD.
OLIVIA: UH, "GOOD"?
PLEASE.
THAT ALBUM IS AMAZING.
LAYLA PLAYS IT IN HER ROOM,
LIKE, EVERY NIGHT.
- LIV.
- FANS ARE GONNA
LOVE IT ON TOUR.
- LIV, STOP.
- WHAT?
WAIT. WHAT--WHAT TOUR?
OLIVIA: OH, CRAP. THAT'S MY BAD.
PATIENCE: NO, IT'S ALL GOOD.
UM, I WAS ACTUALLY GONNA
COME AND TELL YOU.
IT'S JUST, LIKE, SOMETHING
THAT LAYLA'S PUTTING
TOGETHER FOR ME,
AND, UH, YEAH,
SO IT'S NOT OFFICIAL,
THOUGH, SO...
[OLIVIA INHALES SHARPLY]
WELL, I SHOULD GO.
AHEM. UH,
THE BATHROOM IS...
- UH, OH, IT'S THIS WAY.
I'LL SHOW YOU.
- YEAH.
PATIENCE: I'MMA--I'LL
SEE YOU OUTSIDE, BABE, OK?
JJ: HA HA!
HEY, LET'S GO, BOYS.
IT'S OFFICIALLY TIME
FOR "BOX OFFICE" TO GO OFF!
MALE SINGER: ♪ YO
JJ: HEY, YOU KNOW
WHAT IT IS, MAN.
SINGER: ♪ I ONLY GOT
ONE QUESTION ♪
♪ SO IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?
♪ YOU GO BIGGER, STRONGER
JJ: YES, SIR!
SINGER:
♪ YOU PUSH HARDER
♪ IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?
JJ: ALL DAY, RIGHT HERE.
SINGER: ♪ IS THAT
ALL YOU GOT? ♪
[ECHOES]
♪ IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?
JJ: YO, CUT THE CAMERA, DUDE!
I'M DONE.
ASHER: I--I GOT THIS,
COACH. HEY, JJ.
LOOK, THIS MIGHT BE HARD
FOR YOU TO HEAR RIGHT NOW,
BUT YOU NEED TO FLUSH
WHAT JUST HAPPENED.
JJ: YEAH, NOT NOW, ASH.
YES, NOW! LISTEN,
THERE IS STILL TIME FOR YOU
TO TURN THIS AROUND.
THE LINEBACKER DRILLS
HAVEN'T STARTED YET.
JJ, MAKE THE SWITCH.
SHOW THESE COACHES
HOW ELITE YOU REALLY ARE.
"COACHES"? ASH,
LOOK AROUND, MAN.
THEY'RE ALL GONE.
EVERYBODY LOVES
A COMEBACK.
ALL YOU NEED IS
ONE OFFER, JJ.
JUST MAKE ONE
OF THEM RETURN.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
ALL I NEED IS ONE.
THAT'S RIGHT. GO, JJ!
OH, GEEZ.
ME AND MY BIG MOUTH.
GIRL, DON'T EVEN WORRY
ABOUT IT BECAUSE THAT
WAS 100% MY FAULT,
AND I JUST--I SHOULD
HAVE TOLD COOP SOONER.
BUT YOU ARE GOING
ON TOUR, RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
LIKE, I GET THAT IT'S
THE RIGHT NEXT STEP,
BUT, UM...I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST COMPLICATED.
I HEAR YOU.
NURSE JOY WANTS ME
TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP
AND BECOME A SPONSOR.
WAIT. AREN'T YOU
ONE ALREADY?
NO. WHY--WHY?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST FEEL LIKE SOMETHING
YOU WOULD BE GOOD AT.
UH, I MEAN,
YEAH, MAYBE,
BUT I MEAN, HONESTLY,
I MEAN, WITH SCHOOL,
MY PODCAST,
PREP WORK FOR THAT
SUMMER INTERNSHIP,
I DON'T THINK I HAVE
TIME TO SPONSOR ANYONE.
JENN: YEAH, I'M
AT MY COUSIN'S COMBINE,
I DON'T KNOW FOR
HOW MUCH LONGER, THOUGH,
'CAUSE HE SUCKS TODAY.
JENN?
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
JORDAN: WHAT'S BEST IS
ME THROWING THE ROCK.
I THINK WHAT'S BEST
IS FOR ME TO THROW--
LOOK, SPENCE,
SO WE GOT A LITTLE
SITUATION, OK, SO,
ASIDE FROM THE FEW PASSES
YOU CAUGHT FROM DARNELL,
WE ARE
THE ONLY TWO HIGH SCHOOL
QUARTERBACKS YOU KNOW.
- FACTS.
- SO WHO'S THROWING TODAY?
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
MALE SINGER: ♪ BRING 'EM OUT,
YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S ABOUT ♪
♪ DIRTY SHOES ON YOUR CARPET,
JUMPIN' ON THE COUCH ♪
♪ RUNNIN' YOUR MOUTH,
BETTER RUN YOUR JEWELS ♪
♪ KNOW THE RULES,
I'M A MONEY-SHAKING FOOL♪
♪ THINK WE CRASHIN'?
WE LAUGHIN', CLAPPIN' ♪
♪ BUT IT AIN'T APPLAUSE
WE BLASTIN' ♪
♪ SHOWING YOURSELF AN "A"
WITH AN ANTHEM ♪
♪ STADIUM STAND UP, LIKE I SAID,
CAN PUT YOUR HANDS UP ♪
♪ STANDING OVATION
COACH: OH!
SINGER: ♪ I'M OFF PROBATION,
LET'S PUMP IT UP ♪
♪ NOT GIVIN' A WHAT,
SLURPIN', SPILLIN' ♪
♪ SYRUP ON MY CUP, PLAYBOY,
YOU KNOW WHAT'S UP ♪
♪ MACKIN' CHICKS THAT LIKE IT
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
RUN THAT BACK!
SAME, EXACT PLAY!
SINGER:
♪ MIX IT UP, YUP
♪ TOSS IT UP, YUP,
HERE WE GO, TOSS IT UP, YO♪
[PLAYERS CHEERING]
[WHISTLING AND APPLAUSE]
HEH HEH!
- END OF AN ERA, MY BOY.
- THAT'S IT.
HEH!
SINGER: ♪ WHOA, OH
JENN: WAIT.
SO SPENCER JAMES
IS YOUR BOYFRIEND?
OLIVIA: HEH!
YUP.
AND, UH, THE DOOFUS
WHO'S THROWING THE BALL
TO HIM IS MY BROTHER.
- JORDAN BAKER? HEH!
- MM-HMM.
THAT CHAMPIONSHIP GAME
WAS EVERYTHING.
I MEAN,
BETWEEN THE BRAWL,
AND THEN SPENCER,
WHO WAS BALLING,
HAVING TO LEAVE EARLY,
THEN JORDAN THREW
THE GAME-WINNING
TOUCHDOWN? HEH!
BUT IF WE'RE BEING
HONEST, SOUTH CRENSHAW
WON THAT GAME.
I MEAN, CHRIS JACKSON
BROKE THE PLANE
OF THE END ZONE.
OK, WITH
THE PLAY-BY-PLAY.
FOOTBALL'S
MY SECOND LOVE.
MY COUSIN TROY PLAYS
FOR SOUTH CRENSHAW.
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE.
[DISTANT PLAYERS SHOUTING]
DARE I ASK WHAT
YOUR FIRST LOVE IS,
OR DO I NOT WANT
TO KNOW?
IT'S NOT DRUGS,
MISS JUDGEY.
BALLET IS LIFE,
NOT THAT IT'S ANY
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
BALLET?
YEAH, I MEAN,
THE FIRST TIME
I SAW MISTY COPELAND,
I WAS...
OBSESSED.
ME, TOO.
YOU DO BALLET?
WELL, NOT ANYMORE,
BUT I...I STILL
LOVE DANCE.
- HEY. HEH!
- [CHUCKLES]
SO WAS IT AMPHETAMINES
THAT LANDED YOU IN N.A.?
YEAH, SADLY,
UM, I KNOW
A FEW DANCERS
WHO USE THEM
TO STAY FOCUSED.
YEAH.
MY PARENTS CAUGHT
ME SNIFFING THEM,
SO THEY GOT A
COURT ORDER AND HAD
ME PLACED IN REHAB.
[SCOFFS]
SO DRAMATIC.
HEY, AT LEAST
YOUR PARENTS CARE
ABOUT YOU.
BUT THEY WERE
PRESCRIBED.
IT'S NOTHING.
ALL MY FRIENDS ARE
DOING IT, BUT IN
MY PARENTS' EYES--
YOU WERE
PUTTING YOUR FIX BEFORE
THE PEOPLE YOU LOVE.
THAT'S WHY YOU LEFT
THE MEETING.
MY SHARE HIT A LITTLE
TOO CLOSE TO HOME.
YEAH.
MY BAD ABOUT THAT.
I SWEAR, I DON'T
HAVE A PROBLEM.
IF YOU DON'T
BELIEVE ME, MAYBE...
YOU COULD BE
MY SPONSOR?
YOU'RE YOUNG,
YOU'RE CHILL.
YOU'D BE THE PERFECT
PARTNER TO HELP SIGN
MY COURT ORDER.
- UM...
- [SCOFFS]
OR NOT.
SORRY FOR ASKING.
NO. J-JENN, WAIT.
- GO, JJ!
- [OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
JJ, THINKING:
ALL I NEED IS ONE.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
SINGER: ♪ NOW THIS IS MY TIME
♪ NOW THIS IS MY TIME...
[JJ GRUNTS]
ASHER: LET'S GO!
JJ: LET'S GO, ALREADY! WHOA!
SINGER:
♪ NOW THIS IS MY TIME
GENTLEMEN,
GENTLEMEN.
♪ NOW THIS IS MY TIME
AND I'M GONNA MAKE IT MINE ♪
OH, THIS IS BIG,
BABY!
BOY: YES, YES.
JJ: HEY, BOX OFFICE
IS BACK, BABY!
COME ON! COME ON!
SINGER: ♪ I'M IN IT TO WIN,
I DIDN'T EVEN PRETEND ♪
♪ THIS IS MY TIME
OH, YOU KNOW, BOYS,
I AM COOKED.
SPENCER: DAMN, FOR REAL.
ASHER: HEY, GREAT WORK
TODAY, GUYS.
JJ: OH, THANKS, BRO.
HOPEFULLY IT HELPS.
ASHER: HEY, MAN, YOU ALL
DID YOUR PART, ALL RIGHT?
REST IS UP TO THEM.
BILLY: OK, UH, JJ,
THERE IS A COACH
OUTSIDE THAT WANTS, UH,
TO MEET WITH YOU.
ASHER: DUDE,
THIS IS THE PART WHERE YOU
ACTUALLY STAND UP AND LEAVE.
ALL: GO! GO!
JJ: RIGHT, RIGHT, YEAH, YEAH.
MORE GOOD NEWS--
AT LEAST 3 SCHOOLS
WANT TO SPEAK WITH YOU
LATER ON AS WELL, SPENCER.
JORDAN:
THREE OF 'EM? SHEESH!
MY BOY, THAT'S AWESOME.
SPENCER: WHAT ABOUT J.?
AFTER THE WAY HE BALLED,
HE DESERVES SOME SHINE, TOO.
BILLY: YES, AGREED.
THERE'S INTEREST.
UH, NO MEETINGS
AS OF YET, THOUGH.
THAT'S COOL, DAD.
I'M--I'M FINE WITH
PLAYING JUCO FOR A YEAR.
PATIENCE AND COOP ON VIDEO:
♪ WHEN IT RAINS AND IT POURS
♪ AND THE SUN DON'T SEEM
TO SHINE ANYMORE ♪
♪ I KNOW YOU'LL BE
THERE FOR ME ♪
♪ IF THERE'S TROUBLE
MY WAY ♪
♪ I KNOW THAT YOU'LL
BE THERE RIGHT AWAY ♪
♪ I KNOW YOU'LL
BE THERE FOR ME ♪
AMINA: I LOVE
PATIENCE'S VOICE.
WHEN IS SHE GONNA
DROP SOMETHING NEW?
COOP: AH, I DON'T KNOW.
YOU'LL PROBABLY HEAR
BEFORE ME, BUT, UM,
EARLIER, I WAS GETTING
THE SENSE LIKE
YOU WANTED
TO TELL ME SOMETHING,
BUT WE GOT INTERRUPTED.
I WANTED TO ASK YOU
ABOUT...
A FRIEND THAT I'M WORKING
WITH ON MY SCHOOL PROJECT.
HE'S DOING SOMETHING
I DON'T AGREE WITH.
[SIGHS]
OK, LIKE--LIKE WHAT?
HE KEEPS GETTING
IN TROUBLE FOR STUFF
HE SHOULDN'T BE DOING,
BUT HE'S MY FRIEND.
I LIKE HIM.
I WANT TO HAVE HIS BACK,
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
SHOULD I STAY LOYAL
OR SHOULD I WALK AWAY?
WELL, I'M GONNA
ASSUME THAT SINCE
Y'ALL ARE, LIKE, 5,
IT'S NOT
BIG TROUBLE, RIGHT?
- YEAH, SURE.
- OK.
LOOK, I MEAN,
CHOOSING LOYALTY
OVER WALKING AWAY
JUST DEPENDS ON WHAT
YOU GOT TO LOSE.
I MEAN, FOR SOME PEOPLE,
IT'S WORTH IT TO STAY.
FOR OTHERS, IT'S NOT,
AND EITHER WAY,
YOU GOT TO DO
WHAT'S BEST FOR YOU.
AND A REAL FRIEND
IS GOING TO...
UNDERSTAND YOUR CHOICE.
ASHER: DON'T HAVE IT.
JORDAN: GET OVER HERE!
ASHER: DUDE, NO WAY!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
HOLD ON.
JORDAN: PAUSE IT, PAUSE IT.
OK, I NEED SOME FRIES.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
YEAH. ONE SEC.
THERE HE IS.
OH. COME RIGHT IN.
ASH, YOU CALLED IT.
- WHAT'S UP?
- ALL I NEEDED WAS ONE, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- COASTAL CALIFORNIA
JUST OFFERED ME
A SCHOLARSHIP. [CHUCKLING]
WHOA, WHAT? CONGRATS!
THAT'S DOPE!
JJ: AND THE COACH SAID THEY
HAVE BIG PLANS FOR ME.
LIKE, ME, DUDE!
HOW SICK IS THAT?
HEY, NONE OF THIS IS
POSSIBLE WITHOUT YOU, DUDE.
YO, YOU OK?
COASTAL CALIFORNIA?
THAT WAS
MY SCHOLARSHIP, DUDE.
GRACE: THANK YOU AGAIN.
MAN: YEAH.
BILLY: THAT WENT WELL.
GRACE: BETTER THAN WELL.
ALL 3 SCHOOLS OFFERED YOU
A SCHOLARSHIP, SON.
THAT IS
A HUGE BLESSING.
BILLY: THAT'S HUGE.
SPENCER: YEAH...
BUT WHAT IF MY
SITUATION IN TOLEDO
TAKES ALL SUMMER?
SPENCER, WHY ARE YOU
DOING THIS TO YOURSELF?
LOOK, AS THANKFUL
AS I AM FOR THESE
OFFERS, NOT ONE
OF THOSE COACHES
COULD PROMISE THEY'D
HOLD MY SPOT THAT LONG.
BILLY: LAURA'S
TAKING CARE OF THAT.
GRACE: RIGHT.
THIS IS CRAZY.
I'M HOLDING ON
TO 3 OFFERS,
THAT'S THE MOST ATTENTION
I'VE RECEIVED...
GRACE: MM-HMM.
AND YET I'M STILL
BEING HELD HOSTAGE
BY COACH HUDSON.
GRACE: SPENCER.
[SIGHS]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
- COACH KENNY.
- YO, WHAT'S UP?
I--I'M SORRY
FOR COMING BY
UNANNOUNCED.
- NO, YOU'RE GOOD. COME IN.
- ALL RIGHT.
- [CLEARS THROAT]
- [SIGHS]
I GET THE SENSE YOU
LIKE SURPRISING FOLK.
NO. I JUST LIKE
TO KEEP MY CARDS CLOSE
TO THE VEST UNTIL I'M
SURE ABOUT SOMEONE.
I GOTTA ASK, MAN.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THAT'S 3 TIMES
IN TWO DAYS I SEEN YOU.
NOW, WAS OUR RUN-IN
LAST NIGHT A ACCIDENT
OR ON PURPOSE?
HONESTLY,
THAT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
FOR REAL, BUT BEING
AT THE COMBINE TODAY,
THAT WAS ON PURPOSE.
OK.
COME TO GOLDEN ANGELES.
EXCUSE ME?
SPENCER JAMES,
I'M OFFICIALLY
OFFERING YOU
A SCHOLARSHIP.
I WOULD HAVE SAID
SOMETHING LAST NIGHT,
BUT I HAD TO PROVE
TO MY BOSS THAT YOU
WERE THE RIGHT FIT
FOR OUR SCHOOL
AND WORTH THE FIGHT.
- SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
HEH! I MEAN,
I'M SITTING HERE
OFFERING YOU
A SPOT, AREN'T I?
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
LOOK, YOU WOULD BE
THE PERFECT FIT
FOR THE CULTURE
WE'RE BUILDING.
WE'RE NOT ONLY
A JUGGERNAUT
ON THE FIELD,
BUT WE ALSO
PLACE A PREMIUM
ON EDUCATION,
WHICH I KNOW IS
IMPORTANT TO YOU.
YEAH, IT IS,
AND SO IS HONESTY.
LOOK, I KNOW YOU
WERE BURNED
BY THE WHOLE TOLEDO
STATE SITUATION
WITH DANTE SMART,
BUT LOOK AT ME, BRO.
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
HOW?
SIMPLE.
BECAUSE I'M HOME.
WAIT, YOU FROM
ROUND HERE?
CARSON, BABY.
THIS IS THE REUNION
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR
MY WHOLE LIFE.
AND YOUR DAD
AND I, MAN...
WE USED TO TALK
ABOUT COMING HOME
ALL THE TIME.
I GOT A COUPLE
OTHER OFFERS, SO...
I'M JUST WEIGHING
MY OPTIONS, A'IGHT?
YEAH.
I MEAN, AS YOU SHOULD.
AND ONE LAST THING--
IF YOU HAVE TO SIT OUT
YOUR FRESHMAN SEASON
BECAUSE OF THE TOLEDO
STATE SITUATION,
I'M COOL WITH IT.
YOU'RE WORTH THE WAIT.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
HELL OF A SPECTACLE HE
PUT ON TODAY, BILLY.
LITTLE SURPRISED
YOU, UH, INVITED
ME AND MY STAFF.
JUST DOING MY PART
TO SHOW THAT THERE'S
HONOR IN COMPROMISE.
THERE'S ALSO HONOR
IN YOUR WORD.
SPENCER SIGNED ON
THE DOTTED LINE.
WHEN HE THOUGHT
THAT DANTE WAS GONNA BE
HIS RECEIVER COACH,
WHICH IS SOMETHING
THAT YOU KNEW, BUT THEN
CHOSE NOT TO TELL HIM.
NO COACH IS BIGGER
THAN THE PROGRAM.
I MEAN--HEH HEH!--
NOT EVEN ME.
RIGHT. RIGHT. WELL,
SPENCER, HE'S A SPECIAL
KINDA KID, YOU KNOW.
HE KINDA LEADS WITH
HIS HEART, AND CONNECTION
MEANS EVERYTHING TO HIM.
SO WHEN HE LOST DANTE,
HE--HE LOST THE CONNECTION.
HE MADE A COMMITMENT.
AT THIS POINT,
DO YOU EVEN REALLY WANT
SPENCER TO PLAY FOR YOU?
OR IS THIS YOUR WAY
OF PUNISHING HIM? BECAUSE
WE BOTH KNOW THE PRECEDENT
FOR RELEASING A PLAYER FROM
THEIR COMMITMENT WHEN THERE'S
BEEN A CHANGE IN COACHING.
DO--DO YOU REALLY WANT
TO BE THAT DUDE,
THE TYPE OF COACH
THAT HOLDS PLAYERS, LIKE,
AGAINST THEIR WILL,
I MEAN, IN THESE TIMES?
I--I DON'T LIKE WHAT
YOU'RE INSINUATING.
OH, I'M NOT INSINUATING.
I'M SPEAKING FACTS.
IF YOU DON'T RELEASE SPENCER
FROM HIS LETTER OF INTENT,
I'M GONNA MAKE SURE
THAT EVERY RECRUIT
IN THE NATION
KNOWS ABOUT YOU
AND YOUR "METHODS."
SOCIAL MEDIA, SHE IS
A HUNGRY BITCH,
AND ONCE THESE KIDS
FIND OUT--HEH!--
IT'S GONNA BE OVER.
I MEAN, CANCEL CULTURE,
IT'S--WHEW!--IT IS
SOMETHING ELSE.
YOU'LL BE DONE
IN 24 HOURS
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
NO COACH IS BIGGER
THAN THE PROGRAM--
[SCOFFS]--RIGHT?
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
LAYLA: HEY.
HEY. THANKS FOR
LETTING ME INTERRUPT.
WELL, IT WAS THAT
OR LET YOU KEEP BEATING
YOURSELF UP OVER TEXT.
UM, HAVE YOU HEARD
FROM JJ?
- NO, NOT YET.
- HMM.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I
SAID THAT TO HIM.
I WAS SUCH AN ASS.
AGREED.
YOU KNOW, I--I
THOUGHT I WAS--
I THOUGHT I WAS PAST
LOSING FOOTBALL,
BUT HEARING JJ
LANDED MY SCHOLARSHIP
AT MY DREAM SCHOOL--
IT HURT,
WHICH, BY THE WAY,
IS TOTALLY NORMAL.
IT CLOSED A CHAPTER IN
YOUR LIFE, A CHAPTER
YOU'VE BEEN WRITING
SINCE YOU WERE A KID.
NOW IT'S JJ's TIME,
AND I SHOULD--I SHOULD
BE THERE FOR HIM.
ASHER, STOP.
YOU--YOU HAVE
BEEN THERE FOR HIM,
AND YOU WILL BE
AGAIN, EVENTUALLY.
YOU JUST HAD A MOMENT,
A VERY HUMAN ONE.
I MEAN, WHEN YOU
PUT IT LIKE THAT...
ANY CHANCE YOU WANT
TO TALK TO JJ FOR ME?
ZERO.
PUT YOUR BIG-BOY PANTS ON
AND HANDLE YOUR BUSINESS.
YEAH.
HEY, I'M SORRY, BAE.
- HEY, COOP. NO, I'M--
- NO, JUST--JUST HEAR ME OUT,
ALL RIGHT? I KNOW WHY
YOU DIDN'T TELL ME 'BOUT
THE TOUR--'CAUSE I'VE
BEEN MAKING IT HARD FOR
YOU TO CELEBRATE WHAT'S
GOING ON IN YOUR CAREER.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE NOT MAKING IT HARD.
I MEAN, YOU LOST
SOMETHING YOU LOVED,
YOU KNOW,
SOMETHING YOU BUILT...
YOUR WHOLE LIFE AROUND.
I THINK THAT'S A LOT,
AND I'M JUST TRYING TO...
I'M TRYING TO BE
SENSITIVE TO ALL OF THAT.
LOOK, I KNOW, RIGHT?
BUT YOU--YOU DON'T HAVE
TO WALK ON EGGSHELLS
AROUND ME.
YOU DESERVE TO BE
CELEBRATED,
SO GO,
HEADLINE THAT TOUR.
IT'S YOUR TIME.
[PATIENCE CHUCKLES]
FEMALE SINGER:
♪ BABY, I'M OUT OF MY MIND
♪ I'M USED TO HANGING WITH...
COME WITH ME TO VEGAS.
I MEAN, IT'S NO SECRET
THAT THINGS HAVE BEEN
A LITTLE OFF BETWEEN US.
YES, OK.
THINGS COULD
BE BETTER.
I MEAN, IT AIN'T
NOTHIN' WE CAN'T
GET THROUGH.
COUPLES GO THROUGH
THESE THINGS.
WE JUST NEED
A LITTLE TIME.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE WE
CAN FIND THIS TIME?
IT'S THIS TOUR.
WE'RE LONG OVERDUE
FOR A BAE-CATION,
COOP,
SO LET'S DO THIS.
COME ON. NO PREACH,
NO AMINA.
JUST US.
CHIKA:
♪ YOU FROM MY DREAMS
♪ WHEN I'M WITH YOU,
YOU MAKE TIME FREEZE ♪
PATIENCE: MMM.
COOP: I LOVE YOU,
BUT I CAN'T LEAVE
AMINA RIGHT NOW.
I'M THE REASON
HER MOMS IS DEAD.
SHE NEEDS ME, AND I
OWE THAT TO HER.
CHIKA: ♪ I'M ICY,
NO AGENDA ♪
SO I THINK
THE RIGHT THING
FOR YOU TO DO
IS TO GO.
BUT, FOR ME...
CHIKA: ♪ BABY,
I'M OUT OF MY MIND ♪
IT'S TO STAY.
CHIKA: ♪ SOMETHING ABOUT YOU
IS DIFFERENT, YOU'RE ALL ♪
♪ THAT I'M MISSING, I'M THINKING
'BOUT MAKING YOU MINE ♪
♪ ME, I GOT USED TO
THE LIMELIGHT ♪
- PATIENCE--
- NO, UM...
- ♪ BEING WITH YOU IS
- NO, IT'S OK.
I GET IT,
AND YOU'RE RIGHT.
WE HAVE TO DO WHAT WE
BOTH HAVE TO DO.
BILLY: OK, EXCELLENT.
YES, COACH.
I'LL MAKE SURE, UH,
CHRIS AND FRAUSTO MEET UP
WITH YOU IN THE MORNING.
ALL RIGHT. WE'LL, UH,
WE'LL BE IN TOUCH. BYE.
UH, CHRIS AND FRAUSTO
ARE MEETING WITH
A SCHOOL TOMORROW?
- YES. YES.
- AH.
- LISTEN, SON--
- UH, DAD,
IT'S COOL.
BILLY: NO, IT'S NOT COOL.
YOU--YOU--YOU
DESERVE A...
AN OPPORTUNITY.
JORDAN: I AGREE.
I AGREE, ALL RIGHT?
BILLY: OK.
JORDAN: AND SO DOES
COACH GARRETT.
- HUH?
- HE JUST OFFERED ME
A PREFERRED WALK-ON
AT GOLDEN ANGELES
UNIVERSITY.
GARRETT: LAST THING
I WAS LOOKING FOR TODAY
WAS A QUARTERBACK,
TILL I SAW YOUR SON PLAY.
HE WAS THAT IMPRESSIVE.
WE'LL BE IN CONTACT?
JORDAN: FOR SURE. YES, COACH.
THANK YOU.
THANKS, COACH.
JORDAN: YEAH, THANK YOU.
GARRETT: ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
[DOOR CLOSES]
JORDAN: HA HA HA!
- MY MAN!
- HA HA HA!
AH! UNBELIEVABLE!
OH, MY GOD.
JORDAN: MMM.
HEY, I AM
SO PROUD OF YOU.
- THANK YOU.
- I'M SO PROUD OF YOU, MAN.
WE DID IT.
NO. YOU DID IT.
YEAH. YES, SIR.
- OH, MY GOD.
- MMM.
SPENCER: SO THE GIRL
NURSE JOY WANTS YOU TO HELP
IS MY BOY'S COUSIN?
OLIVIA: RIGHT.
IT IS A SMALL WORLD.
YEAH, WELL, Y'ALL TWO
SEEMED REAL COMFORTABLE
WITH EACH OTHER ON
THE SIDELINES TODAY.
WELL, SHE ASKED ME
TO BE HER SPONSOR.
DAMN. HEH!
Y'ALL TWO REALLY
TURNED THINGS AROUND
FROM THAT FIRST MEETING.
I TOLD HER NO.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
I JUST FROZE,
AND THEN SHE JUST
TOOK THAT AS A NO.
- WHY?
- JENN'S NOT READY
TO BE HELPED, OK?
I'VE BEEN WHERE SHE'S
BEEN, I'VE SAID WHAT
SHE'S SAYING, AND SHE
DOESN'T WANT A SPONSOR;
SHE WANTS AN ENABLER
WHO WILL JUST SIGN
HER COURT ORDER AND
THEN LOOK THE OTHER WAY.
SPENCER: AND SHE JUST
MIGHT FIND ONE UNLESS
SOMEBODY ELSE STEPS IN,
MAYBE SOMEBODY WHO'S
ALREADY CALLING HER
ON HER B.S.?
MALE SINGER: ♪ WHY WE'RE
MADE OF STONE ♪
LOOK, OBVIOUSLY,
IT'S YOUR CHOICE,
BUT I KNOW HOW MUCH
HELPING PEOPLE
MEANS TO YOU.
NOW, CLEARLY,
Y'ALL TWO GOT
A CONNECTION,
SO IF THERE'S EVEN
A CHANCE OF YOU
HELPING HER...
- ♪ MADE OF STONE
- WHY NOT TAKE IT?
SINGER: ♪ USING MY CARD
FOR DRINKS AND FUN ♪
OLIVIA: HMM...
WELL, YOU KNOW,
SPEAKING
OF CONNECTIONS
AND TAKING CHANCES,
YOU KNOW, THE SAME
COULD APPLY TO YOU
AND COACH KENNY.
HMM. WE'LL SEE.
I GOT OPTIONS NOW...
OLIVIA: MM-HMM.
- SOMETHING I AIN'T HAD BEFORE.
- TRUE,
BUT DID YOU CONNECT
WITH ANY OTHER COACHES
THE WAY YOU DID
WITH KENNY?
YEAH.
DANTE.
LOOK, I KNOW
WHEN DANTE LEFT,
THAT TRIGGERED
SOME STUFF FOR YOU,
BUT THIS ISN'T
LIKE WHEN HE LEFT,
OR WHEN
YOUR DAD LEFT.
OF COURSE YOU GET IT.
IT SOUNDS TO ME
LIKE COACH KENNY
IS COMMITTED
TO YOU, BABE.
YOU KNOW, THE SAME WAY
MY DAD IS, OR EVEN
PRINCIPAL CARTER,
FOR THAT MATTER,
AND THE BEST PART?
I MEAN, COACH KENNY IS
ONE OF THE LAST LINKS
TO COREY.
SO, I DON'T KNOW,
IT'S JUST KIND OF
FULL-CIRCLE.
[LAURA SHRIEKS DOWNSTAIRS,
BILLY LAUGHING]
BILLY: MY MAN!
LOOK WHAT--YOU GO!
LAURA: YES!
JORDAN: YES, YES, YES.
LAURA: YES.
OLIVIA: WHAT'S GOING ON?
LAURA: UH, YOUR BROTHER
HAS SOME NEWS.
JORDAN:
LIV, GET READY TO ROCK
SOME GOLDEN ANGELES SWAG
AT MY GAMES THIS FALL.
HA HA! WAIT.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
- SERIOUS.
- YO! CONGRATULATIONS, DAWG!
JORDAN: THANK YOU.
LAURA: I CAN'T STOP CRYING.
IT'S JUST SO AMAZING.
BILLY: THIS IS A
REALLY GOOD DAY,
FOR, UH, FOR BOTH OF YOU.
LAURA: RIGHT?
I HEARD ABOUT
THE 3 OFFERS?
SPENCER: OH.
BILLY: YEAH, BUT NOT JUST THAT,
BUT, UH, I WAS ABLE
TO SPEAK TO COACH HUDSON
AND, UH, YOU'RE GOOD.
WAIT. YOU MEAN...
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
BILLY: SPENCER JAMES,
YOU ARE A FREE MAN.
I TOLD YOU TO TRUST ME.
SPENCER: YOU SERIOUS?
BILLY: YES, SIR.
SPENCER: YO, HO HO!
JORDAN: LET'S GET IT,
LET'S GET IT! MMM!
HELL, YEAH.
OLIVIA: OH, MY GOD.
JJ. HEY.
LOOK, MAN, I'M SORRY FOR
HOW I ACTED YESTERDAY.
THAT'S YOUR SCHOLARSHIP.
YOU EARNED IT, JJ, AND
COASTAL GOT THEMSELVES
A GOOD ONE, AND I AM
SO DAMN PROUD OF YOU.
YOU REALLY
MESSED ME UP.
I--I KNOW. THAT'S WHY
I'M APOLOGIZING.
[CHUCKLES]
NO, I MEAN BY BECOMING
MY COACH THAT DAY.
I MEAN, YOU SET
A HIGH BAR, DUDE.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO
AT COASTAL WITHOUT YOU?
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO KICK ASS.
BESIDES, I DIDN'T DO
MUCH, MAN. I JUST--
JJ: BRO,
YOU PUSHED JORDAN TO BET
ON HIMSELF, AND LOOK
WHERE THAT GOT HIM,
ALL RIGHT?
AND THEN YOU GOT MY HEAD
RIGHT AT THE COMBINE,
AND LET'S NOT EVEN TALK
ABOUT EVERYTHING YOU DID
FOR THE EAGLES THIS SEASON,
ALL THE PLAYS
YOU CAME UP WITH, EVEN
FROM THE SIDELINES?
AND IF THAT'S NOT A COACH,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS.
[DOOR OPENS]
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
OLIVIA: RECOVERY IS
NOT FOR PEOPLE WHO NEED IT.
IT'S FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT IT.
- OK.
- I'LL BE YOUR SPONSOR.
- THE OFFER'S OFF THE TABLE.
- WELL, IT'S TOO LATE
'CAUSE YOU ALREADY ASKED,
SO HERE WE ARE.
AND JUST TO BE CLEAR,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO EARN
MY SIGNATURE FOR
YOUR COURT ORDER, OK?
I'M YOUR SPONSOR,
NOT YOUR ENABLER.
I'M DOING THIS
BECAUSE I CARE
ABOUT YOU, JENN...
AND YOU'RE GONNA
ACCEPT THIS BECAUSE...
YOU KNOW I'M THE BEST
PERSON FOR YOU.
SO GRAB YOUR COOKIE
AND LET'S GO SIT DOWN.
THE QUEEN HAS SPOKEN.
FEMALE SINGER: ♪ DON'T DO THIS
FOR NO REASON NOW ♪
♪ LOOK, TELL ME...
[RAPPING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN: ♪ 'CAUSE THIS RHYME IS
NOT TO BE MISUNDERSTOOD ♪
♪ THAT YOU'RE
THE GRIM REAPER
OF THE 'HOOD ♪
HEY, WHATEVER HAPPENED
TO YOU AND YOUR
LITTLE FRIEND?
Y'ALL STILL ROCKIN'
OR YOU WALKED AWAY?
I'M STAYING FOR NOW,
BUT I STILL SOMEHOW
THINK HE'S INVOLVED
IN SOME MESSY STUFF,
BUT HE'S
MY FRIEND, SO...
HEH! SO YOU CHOSE LOYALTY.
THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
SPENCER:
THANKS FOR COMING BY.
[SETS DOWN MUG]
KENNY: I APPRECIATED YOUR CALL.
- CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
- SHOOT.
WHEN YOU SAID I WAS
WORTH THE WAIT,
YOU MEAN THAT?
YES, SIR.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU KNOW, IT WAS
ALWAYS MY DREAM
TO PLAY COLLEGE
BALL AT HOME.
AND NOW, WITH
MY BROTHER JORDAN
ON THE SAME TEAM,
THAT MAKES IT
TWICE AS SPECIAL.
SO...
IF I'M WORTH
THE WAIT,
THEN YOU'RE WORTH
TAKING A CHANCE ON.
AND I AIN'T
GONNA LIE--
IT'S GONNA BE NICE
HAVING A PIECE OF
MY POP'S HISTORY
AT G.A.U. WITH ME.
[SETS DOWN MUG]
MY MAN.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
NOW, YOU ARE STAYING
AT GOLDEN ANGELES,
RIGHT?
I BETTER BE.
I JUST SIGNED
A 5-YEAR CONTRACT.
OH. OH, GOOD. I'MMA BE
IN THE NFL LONG BEFORE
YOUR DEAL'S OVER.
[CHUCKLES]
KENNY: FOR SURE.
WELCOME TO THE FAMILY,
SPENCE.
THANK YOU...
COACH.
- GEE.
- [CHORUS VOCALIZING]
MAN: GREG, MOVE YOUR HEAD!